# 3rd of November 2024

I did not write down yesterday, but I felt sick and I couldn't go to help the people outside the city. Although they have closed the roads completly, and guess what? French firefighters have arrived to help us even they have arrived before Spanish military. The king also has arrived to affected places to see the situation, but was not well-welcomed.

The weather info is broken, it is always showing that it will rain and it is not raining. I don't know what is happening with the weather forecast. In the evening I went to plant shop to see if they have some new plants, and yes, they have it. I bought two new plants, a **Sarracenia Purpurea Venosa** and a new **Dionaea Muscipula**. And I found what exactly species could my Nepenthes be, it is a **Nepenthes Hookeriana**.

Tomorrow I will show you the new plants and I will tell you the final inventory of the plants and seeds.

## Weather

Cloudy / Rainy (Alert) day 15ºC - 21ºC


## Final Inventory

(Plants)
- Dionaea Muscipula (Microdent)
- Sarracenia Bekerplant
- Dionaea Muscipula (B52)
- Nepenthes xHookeariana x2
- Drosera Capensi Alba
- Drosera Aliciae
- Sarracenia Stenvesii x 3
- Sarracenia Stevensii Mini
- Sarracenia Tygo
- Dionaea Muscipula (Cupped Trap)
- Dionaea Muscipula (Amteborous)
- Dionaea Muscipula (Tritón) x2
- Dionaea Muscipula (...)
- Sarracenia Purpurea Venosa
- Dionaea Muscipula Small

(Seeds)
- Drosera ...

(Equipment)
- Full-Spectrum Light 50W

(Died)
- Drosera ...

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

**Previous page**: <a href="./2_nov_2024">2 Nov 2024</a>

**Next page**: <a href="./4_nov_2024">4 Nov 2024</a>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>